---
topic:
tags:
  - "#work"
related:
---
created: 2025-09-02 15:00
modified: 2025-09-02 15:00
___
# Overview
From initially 41 meetings, SD tried to narrow down to **â€œwhat does L&D need to do here, vs whatâ€™s not actually a training need.â€** 
## Immediate Asks: This Week
- [x] Read through **key tasks** ğŸ“… 2025-09-03 âœ… 2025-10-03
- [x] Read through **summary** of each project ğŸ“… 2025-09-03 âœ… 2025-10-03
- [x] Read through **notes** on each project ğŸ“… 2025-09-04 âœ… 2025-10-03
- [x] Read through the **action plans** of each project (looking for training-related items) ğŸ“… 2025-09-03 âœ… 2025-09-10
- [x] **Validate the right times** listed (key dates) ğŸ“… 2025-09-04 âœ… 2025-12-08
- [x] Create **summary of each project** and to-dos ğŸ“… 2025-09-05 âœ… 2025-10-03
## Tasks for Next Week
- [x] Reaching out to **Key-Contacts** for each project ğŸ“… 2025-09-09 âœ… 2025-09-10
	- Donâ€™t need to re-establish all the base, more just **a handoff from Heather/SD** (theyâ€™ve done a lot of the introductions and initial gathering)
# What are the Important Pieces
**Dates** are the most important. 
Workload for us *is* significant, but in actuality, a lot of the initiatives break down to **smaller components**
	(e.g. integrating with T3, etc.) 

# Things Assigned to Me
## Procurement 
### #2 â€” Drive Purchasing Consistency and Compliance through Centralized Procurement
(see also: [[Procurement]])
**Waiting for:** Rough Draft of Centralized Procurement Policy (10-7-25)
	Update (10-23-25) â€” finalized by EOD 10-24-25
Meeting with [[Dawn Tebomatlock]] on 9-22-25
	â€” [[FPP Procurement-2_Meeting 9-23-25]]
Meeting with [[Scott Wilson]] on 9-19-25
	 â€” [[Centralized Procurement Attachments]]
[[Procurement Alignment Meeting]]
- Timing: comms happening from Tom late-Dec.
- Office-Hours: 1/12-1/31 for timing/distribution (as well as training)
- Audience: all PMs,
- Other Docs: make available to review, but not needed to assign. 
#### Update Meeting â€” 1-6-26
Goal: Update on timing of communication for Procurement distribution
- Comms â€” Plan is still mid-Jan (1/19-2/2) for initial comms
	- Context â€” Just went through 2nd round of INRS License-Removals â€” planning for at least one more, probably more
	- Reccomendation for Office Hours is week of 19th or 26th
		- Week of the 2nd not good for Scott, following is any day, week of 16th is any day save Fri â€” wants to do it after (week of 9th)
- Office Hours â€” 
	- Scott thinks theyâ€™re a good idea
	- Duration of Session â€” Greg more focusing on larger projects currently, but may be a little premature 
		- Capacity for Training â€” Scott thinks 30mins is likely enough time for his
	- Goal would be to assess if thereâ€™s still a gap in knowledge with the audience
- Training Content â€” 
	- Policy Acknowledgement â€” assign to all office, assign on 19th with due date of the 2nd 
	- Other Documents â€” not sure as of now 
	- Office Hours â€” likely aiming for Feb 10, aiming for 1pm-ish (EST)
		- Two sessions instead, Feb 10-11 (Wednesday earlier, 11th at 11am EST)
## Labor
### #9 â€” Rhumbix
(see also: [[Rhumbix]])
**Waiting for:** Doc of Understanding Complete (9-19-25)
**Key Start:** 1-5-26
***To-Do:*** Need to ask Arefin for the â€œwho is part of each training list, who's responsible for x, y, z, punching buttons, etc.â€
#### Updated Timing â€” Phase 1 (North Central)
General Announcement â€” In Review, but thereâ€™s a draft
Specific Emails p/Phase â€” In Review, but thereâ€™s a draft
Training and Registration â€” Feb 4th
Training â€” Feb 11th for training session
Office-Hours â€” Feb. 17th for office-hours

Need to set up time to go over workflows for approvers, foreman, etc.
## Install Ops:
### #4 â€” Develop Process for Building Schedules
(See also: [[CPM Scheduling]])
**Waiting for:**
- Workflows defined and finalized (10-3-25)
- Key scheduling tools and templates created and uploaded (10-3-25)
Weekly Meetings with [[Marty Garner]] and Team â€” [[Recurring Scheduling FPP-Meeting]]
**Make Note:** LEAN will overlap at some point in a long-term solution
### #6 â€” Develop Standard Process for Material Procurement
(see also: [[Procurement]])
**Waiting for:** Procurement Procedure Finalized (11-25-25)
**Key Due-Date:** 1-13-26
[[Standardized Material Procurement Meeting]] with Greg Murdick for 10-3-25
[[Procurement Alignment Meeting]] â€“ First and Second
- Clarified Audience â€” All Office
- Date of Announcement â€” Monday, 1-26

## Commercial:
### #4 â€” Value Prop Articulation and Objection Handling / Negotiations
**Waiting for:** Presentation Deck Drafted (10-22-25)
**Key Date:** 12-26-25 (start 11-17-25) â€” Developed for Value-Prop
- 2-13-26 is Launch-Date â€” Clarify the deadline
**Key Date 2:** 2-20-26 â€” Objection Handling Training
- 12-10-25 for review deadline

#### Value Prop: 
Deck is large, seems to be broken into 3 modules.
- Could do a couple Vyond Videos, could do a single one, but seems to be a good medium
**Audience:** Precon, Construction-Execs, Sales-Org (not all Commercial)
- Intro to ArchKey can go to all New-Hires
#### Objection Handling / Negotiations: 
7pg guide would break out nicely into a Storyline Module (broken by segment)
Meeting with [[Julie Rossi]] â€” 
**Audience:** Precon, Construction-Execs, Sales-Org (not all Commercial)
#### Modules
 - Julie to Highlight â€” Pink for the Sales Audience, not the whole Company
	 - Packaging content into programs â€” Objection Handling and Closing the Deal
		 - Presenting Your Solution â€” Connects to Value Prop (as standalone course)
	 - Peach for â€œPhase-2 Contentâ€
- Value Prop â€” use the video from the latest Town-Hall
	- Top Examples, focus on the  key commonalities rather than specific examples
	- Big Chunk is the setting the stage components
	- Leaning towards smaller chunks â€“ Intro Video and e-Learning for Differentiations/Approach